Update DjangoCon Europe wg details (#13)
django/dsf-working-groups: active/dceu.md

- Chair: TBD
- Co-Chair: TBD
- Board Liaison: Çağıl Uluşahin Sönmez  
- Other members:
    Becky Smith
    Benjamin Balder Bach
    Raphael Michel
    Tobias Kunze
                         
## Future membership

> Membership is open to former organizers of DjangoCon EUs. Contact TBD if this is you and you want to join. [Contact the board](https://www.djangoproject.com/contact/foundation/) to express interest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Membership is open to former organizers of DjangoCon EUs. Questions about membership can be directed to european-organizers-support@djangoproject.com. [Contact the board](https://www.djangoproject.com/contact/foundation/) to express interest.
```

Does this make sense? I don't know if the board really needs to approve new members, but leaving it in place in case it's a general requirement in working groups.
